This folder contains various folders. Their details are mentioned below:

1) .idea : This directory contains some necessary configuration files for the project.

2) DOCS : This folder contains all the documents of the third submission that was asked for submission. Because of the
          mistake made of not including the Algorithms.pdf and Class diagram descriptions.pdf in the second submission
          It is included here as well. The Class diagram Descriptions is the actual version of the third submission.

3) EXE : This contains the executable file Mastermind.java. Which can be run through terminal by going to the respective EXE
         directory and typing "java -jar Mastermind.jar". In case the .jar file does not exist in EXE you should follow the
         instruction of point number 4 about Makefile.

4) FONTS : This contains a package called main, a folder META-INF and a Makefile.

    4.1) main : This package is subdivided into 3 packages to follow the mvc 3 tier architecture where the code is
                divided into three different interconnected layers for it to be reusable and easily compilable.It
                 contains the following subpackages :

                    4.1.1) CapaDades : This package contains the code for the persistence layer of the architecture that handles
                                       the managing of data of the application. It contains all the storage logic.

                    4.1.2) CapaDomini : This package contains the code that acts as an intermediary between the model and view. It processes all the
                                        logic and incoming requests and also interacts with the presentation layer for final output.

                    4.1.3) CapaPresentacio : This package contains the code that is responsible for displaying the data provided by the model.

    4.2 META-INF : It contains the meta data about the contents of the archive.

    4.3 Makefile : This is the file that contains the shell commands to run the Mastermind game.
                    All you need to do is to be in the FONTS directory in the terminal and type make.
                    This will execute all the commands in this file.
